Update readme issue 40 (#97)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: README.md

# vpc-network-config-analyzer

## About vpc-network-config-analyzer

> This repo contains a CLI for analyzing the network connectivity of a VPC as specified by various VPC resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains packages and a CLI for analyzing the network connectivity of a VPC as specified by various VPC resources.
```

## Usage
```
$ ./bin/vpcanalyzer -h
Usage of vpc-network-config-analyzer:
  -analysis-type string
        supported analysis types: all_endpoints,all_subnets,single_subnet (default "all_endpoints")
  -format string
        output format; must be one of txt,md,drawio,arch_drawio,json (default "txt")
  -grouping
        whether to group together src/dst entries with identical connectivity
  -output-file string
        file path to store results
  -vpc-config string
        file path to input config

```

### Input config file

> The input config file should be the `json` file produced by the [`cloud-resource-collector`](https://github.com/np-guard/cloud-resource-collector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input config file should be a `JSON` file produced by the [`cloud-resource-collector`](https://github.com/np-guard/cloud-resource-collector)
```

## Understanding the output

### all_endpoints analysis type

> Each output line is of the form: `src => dst : connection` , where `src`,`dst` are either VPC endpoints (instance network interface) or external CIDR, and `connection` is the set of allowed protocols and their relevant connection attributes (e.g. source ports or destination ports for TCP/UDP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each output line is of the form: `src => dst : connection` , where each of `src` and `dst` is either a VPC endpoint (instance network interface) or an external CIDR, and `connection` is the set of allowed protocols and their relevant connection attributes (e.g., allowed source ports and/or destination ports for TCP/UDP).
```

### all_subnets analysis type 

> Each output line is of the form: `src => dst : connection` , where `src`,`dst` are either VPC subnets or external CIDR, and `connection` is as explained above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each output line is of the form: `src => dst : connection` , where each of `src` and `dst` is either a VPC subnet or an external CIDR, and `connection` is as explained for `all_endpoints`.
```

### single_subnet analysis type 

> The output consists of sections per each subnet (section header is the subnet CIDR block). Each section consists of two sub-sections: ingressConnectivity and egressConnectivity. These sections detail the allowed connectivity to/from the subnet, as configured by the subnet's NACL resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output consists of sections; one section per subnet (section header is the subnet's CIDR block). Each section consists of two sub-sections: `ingressConnectivity` and `egressConnectivity`. These sections detail the allowed connectivity to/from the subnet, as configured by the subnet's NACL resource.
```
